bac/audio/test/bac_0.wav bac
bac/audio/test/bac_1.wav bac
bac/audio/test/bac_2.wav bac
bac/audio/test/bac_3.wav bac
bac/audio/test/bac_4.wav bac
bac/audio/test/bac_5.wav bac
bac/audio/test/bac_6.wav bac
bac/audio/test/bac_7.wav bac
bac/audio/test/bac_8.wav bac
bac/audio/test/bac_9.wav bac
trung/audio/test/trung_0.wav trung
trung/audio/test/trung_1.wav trung
trung/audio/test/trung_2.wav trung
trung/audio/test/trung_3.wav trung
trung/audio/test/trung_4.wav trung
trung/audio/test/trung_5.wav trung
trung/audio/test/trung_6.wav trung
trung/audio/test/trung_7.wav trung
trung/audio/test/trung_8.wav trung
trung/audio/test/trung_9.wav trung
nam/audio/test/nam_0.wav nam
nam/audio/test/nam_1.wav nam
nam/audio/test/nam_2.wav nam
nam/audio/test/nam_3.wav nam
nam/audio/test/nam_4.wav nam
nam/audio/test/nam_5.wav nam
nam/audio/test/nam_6.wav nam
nam/audio/test/nam_7.wav nam
nam/audio/test/nam_8.wav nam
nam/audio/test/nam_9.wav nam
